Update manager-onboarding-1.md (#373)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/onboarding/manager-onboarding-1.md

### **Onboarding**

> We strive to provide a smooth onboarding experience that enables new colleagues into a safe and compliant working environment with a strong sense of belonging. Managers should familiarize themselves with onboarding in order to appropriately fill in any gaps for their new team member. New Staff Members will have an Onboarding Checklist of activities to complete and join during their first 90 days. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strive to provide a smooth onboarding experience that enables new staff members into a safe and compliant working environment with a strong sense of belonging. Managers should familiarize themselves with onboarding in order to appropriately fill in any gaps for their new team member. New staff members will receive an Onboarding Checklist of activities to complete during their first 90 days. 
```

We will continue to iterate and add activities to the Onboarding Program. Managers should review these responsibilities ahead of every new hire joining Mattermost. 

#### Pre-Day One
* Complete the [Systems Checklist Form](https://forms.gle/HhR6LyLrtGdDEZaQ7). 
* Complete the [department onboarding template](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding/staff-on-boarding-guide#departmental-onboarding-checklists) prior to your new staff member's start date. 

> * Assign an Onboarding Peer \(Link w/ description to come\). The Onboarding Peer or peers should be an individual or group of people that can help answer questions about the team, department and Mattermost. In many ways, an Onboarding Peer may be an [end-boss](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/mindsets#mini-boss-end-boss) for specific AORs. Managers should ask permission of a potential Onboarding Peer prior to assignment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assign an Onboarding Peer \(Link w/ description to come\). The Onboarding Peer (or peers) should be an individual or group of people that can help answer questions about the team, department, and Mattermost. In many ways, an Onboarding Peer may be an [end-boss](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/mindsets#mini-boss-end-boss) for specific AORs. Managers should ask permission of a potential Onboarding Peer prior to assignment.
```

#### Week One 

> * Introduce our new staff member in the [Welcome Channel](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/welcome) using #newcolleague. Note: all new hires are asked to complete a short bio and share with their Managers. Managers should include this bio in the welcome message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce our new staff member in the [Welcome Channel](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/welcome) using #newcolleague. Note: All new staff members are asked to complete a short bio and share with their Managers. Managers should include this bio in the welcome message.
```

> * Review Team [AORs](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/areas-of-responsibility). This is also a good time to review the new hire's AOR and onboarding expectations.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Review Team [AORs](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/areas-of-responsibility). This is also a good time to review the new staff member's AORs and onboarding expectations.
```

> * Review list of key internal partners the new staff member will work with and who the new staff member should set-up meetings with during their first month or two. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Review list of key internal partners the new staff member will work with and who the new staff member should set up meetings with during their first month or two.
```

> * Mattermost Channels - Ensure your team member is added to appropriate channels based on team and role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Mattermost Channels:** Ensure the new staff member is added to appropriate channels based on team and role.
```

> * Team Cadences - review specific team cadences, operating norms and relevant playbooks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Team cadences:** Review specific team cadences, operating norms, and relevant playbooks.
```

#### Month One 
* Review Company and Team [V2MOMs](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-v2mom).

> * Align on role responsibitliies and expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Align on role responsibilities and expectations.
```

> * New team members are invited to introduce themsel at [COM](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-cadence#customer-obsession-meeting-aka-com) during their second week. If a new team member does not want to do their own introduction, Managers will be asked to introduce the new staff member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New staff members are invited to introduce themself at [COM](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/operations/company-cadence#customer-obsession-meeting-aka-com) during their second week. If they don't feel comfortable doing their own introduction, Managers will be asked to introduce them.
```

> * [Shoulder Check](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/mindsets#shoulder-check), assess potential blindspots and ask for feedback. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Shoulder Check](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/mindsets#shoulder-check), assess potential blindspots and ask for feedback.
```

#### Month Two 

> * 90 - Day New Colleague Feedback. Managers will be notified to kick off the [New Colleague Review Process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) on their new staff member's 65th day. The Feedback will include a summary of the new staff member's responsibilities during the first 90 days. Managers should communicate these responsibilities to the new staff member during their first week. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **90-day New Colleague Feedback:** Managers will be notified to kick off the [New Colleague Review Process](https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/onboarding#new-colleague-90-day-feedback-process) on their new staff member's 65th day. The feedback will include a summary of the new staff member's responsibilities during the first 90 days. Managers should communicate these responsibilities to the new staff member during their first week.
```

#### Month Three 

> * Deliver New Colleague Feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deliver New Colleague Feedback.
```
